docs: expand `adapter-node` polyfill docs (#9788)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/25-build-and-deploy/40-adapter-node.md

### polyfill

> Controls whether your build will load polyfills for missing modules. It defaults to `true`, and should only be disabled when using Node 18.11 or greater. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls whether your build will load polyfills for missing modules. It defaults to `true`, and should only be disabled when using Node 18.11 or greater.
```

> Note: even with Node 18.11 or greater, you may still need to use experimental flags. E.g. `--experimental-global-webcrypto` to enable the `crypto` global. More info on which globals require flags can be found [here](https://nodejs.dev/en/api/v18/globals/).

Reviewer 2: It makes it sound like others may require a flag, but I don't think they do. I think we could write it a bit more precisely as:
```suggestion
Note: to use Node's built-in `crypto` global with Node 18 you will need to use the `--experimental-global-webcrypto` flag. This flag is not required with Node 20.
```
